README
======

Export from MinGW OSDN repo. Changes: converted to meson from autoconf to avoid dependency on build-aux package.

See STR_TREE.md for the details on str_tree.c/h binary search tree implementation used in pexports. Auto generated by Copilot with the help of Claude Sonnet 4.5.

Plans: None, other than making it compile without external deps.

**NOTE**: The following text below is from the original docs for 0.47!

## PEXPORTS

PEXPORTS is a program to extract exported symbols from a PE image
(executable). It can perform a simple check on the size of the
arguments of the exported functions, provided there is a header with
prototypes for the functions. This is useful when you want the
decorated function names for functions using the stdcall calling
convention. GCC is used to do the preprocessing so it must be in your
path.

Note that the Windows version uses ';' as path separator,
while if built for Cygwin (or \*nix) it uses ':'.

### Command line options:

 * -h <header> parse header
 * -o print function ordinals
 * -p <preprocessor> set preprocessor
 * -v verbose mode

Header files are searched for in the following directories:

 1. Current directory
 2. Directories in C_INCLUDE_PATH
 3. Directories in CPLUS_INCLUDE_PATH

### Note 

The header parser is *very* primitive, and might be of
questionable usefulness. It only tries to find function prototypes and
check the number of arguments a function expects. It is NOT a complete
C parser, there are probably many conditions when it will fail
(especially complex parameter types), although I it works fine for me.
Please do not report bugs, but feel free to send patches.

## CREDITS

 * Anders Norlander (the original author)
 * Paul Sokolovsky
 * Tor Lillqvist
 * Keith Marshall (SourceForge)
 * MinGW32 OSDN repo maintainers until circa 2023
 * Bojan Popovic (this GitHub repo)


## COPYRIGHT

Pexports, Copyright (C) 1998 Anders Norlander

This program has ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; This is free software, and you are
welcome to redistribute it under certain conditions; see COPYING
for details.
